hey youtubers label for Chris and today
i'm bringing you get another lego hall
this one is from Walmart Walmart and
walmart i actually got two of them where
i purchased them online and picked him
up in the store because they were
cheaper that way and then when i was
picking one of them at the store I found
another big set on clearance that I've
been wanting for a while probably and
really need it I got it anyways so we'll
start the first one I think quite a few
guys getting this for eleven dollars
somewhere net nature it's the police
pursuit set 4437 and it's like 16 bucks
18 bucks I'm not if I don't remember but
I've been putting it off hoping to find
it on clearance one day because i think
is overpriced but i haven't found it on
clearance yet but i was looking online
for the next item i'ma show you but they
had this for 1425 so i saved a few bucks
and I'm not really seeing him in a whole
lot of stores anymore so I went in and
grabbed that a nice thing I ordered
online it's new but it was actually on
sale is random I take it up thing there
we go set 600 22 cargo terminal I got
the giant plane you guys see I already
got the stunt plane the helot halle
plane hello plane and cargo truck so now
I have this it was actually $95 think 94
something on walmart.com versus the
store which is 99 or legal stores 99 so
I say five bucks not big savings but I
had to have it so I got it put this back
down
move that over then when I was picking
that one up I got a lot of member which
ones like take it off this thing again
but the mine set for 20 for about 14
really long time but never really needed
it but when I was looking on clearance
aisle I found it let's see normally 99
got it for 69 not a huge savings I'd
rather see a fifty percent off but I've
been wanting for a while so now I got it
it's not a big haul so it's an expensive
one but there's my three sets from this
hall guys remember sometimes check out
walmart online and then pick up the
store most the time is going to be
cheaper even if it's only a couple bucks
you still find it cheaper but this is my
I don't even know what a number this is
but it's another Lego hall so once again
guys thanks for watching and I'll see
you next video